feat(banned): clean retained/delayed data when client is banned (#9257)
emqx/emqx: changes/v4.3.22-en.md

- Added a log censor to avoid logging sensitive data [#9189](https://github.com/emqx/emqx/pull/9189).
  If the data to be logged is a map or key-value list which contains sensitive key words such as `password`, the value is obfuscated as `******`.

> - Add a new configuration field `clean_when_banned` default value is `false`, if `true`, the delayed and retained messages will be cleaned up when the client is banned by its clientid. [#9257](https://github.com/emqx/emqx/pull/9257).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support delayed and retained messages deletion after a client is banned [#9257](https://github.com/emqx/emqx/pull/9257).
  Added a new configuration field `clean_when_banned` (default value is `false`), when set to `true`, the delayed and retained messages will be cleaned up when the client is banned with its clientid.
```
